Mother, I just want to take good care of Yi'an now
I want him to grow up safely and happily
Mother understands
After Yan'an, it will be the little prince of our building
No one dares to bully him anymore
That's right.
Your emperor said that in three days, there will be a banquet for the return of the female commander
At that time, the elites of Great Xia
And the ambassadors of various countries will come to participate
You should come with me.
Mother wants to take this opportunity
Announce your identity as the eldest princess of Great Xia
7 bottles of female handsome emperor know that you are returning
We will hold a return banquet for you in the palace
OK
I love you too, so sleep well.
Subordinate to meet the female handsome
The subordinate has found out
The Empress Dowager is your mother
Over the years
The subordinates searched all over the Grand Canyon
But only did not check the palace
I don't blame you for the dereliction of duty.
Recently
The ambassadors from the east of our country entered the building
But it wasn't anyone who sent fake news.
Say the building lady is handsome
It's dead, so the enemy is on the move.
Even threatened
Divide it together at your return banquet in three days
hero
Which kids are itching again this time?
It's the United States.
And Korea.
This time your return banquet
The third pot of persimmons will come well
Then let them take a good look at it then
Are there any of us left?